This is a restaurant where I often come alone
Did you bring me here on purpose or not?
You've been out for a day
Is the company okay?
You don't have to worry about the company
Today's task
Just be with you
I want to be alone
I'm not used to you following me like this
Ok then it's up to you
You go home early after eating
Miss Nie
Long time no see!
Miss Ji?
No, I should call you Miss Ning
Or Mrs. Rich
How did it go?
How does it feel to marry your enemy?
You don't have to worry about me.
Fu Yuanchuan is coming soon
You'd better go away.
He has returned to the company.
Now.
No one can save
What do you want?
What do you think?
Only kill you
Only my adopted daughter can inherit all the property
You're crazy. There's a camera
If you kill me, you won't be afraid of going to jail
go to jail
As long as I am the heir to the seal of fortune
What can't money solve?